README.md, before:

# Scouting App

A scouting app for FRC Team 178 used to organize and gather information at competitions.

## Contributing

### Contributing code

Try to use pull requests as much as possible, so we can keep the commit clutter to a minimum. For this, make a fork of the repository using the `Fork` button, and commit your changes to that. You can follow [this guide](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork) for how to create a pull request from that fork.

When commiting, use `dart format` or `flutter format` to format your code, to keep it neat.

Always make sure that your code runs and works the way it should *before* you commit. Run any tests we may have. We don't want broken code.

Make sure your commit messages are descriptive enough to know what you did by just looking at it. You can read here on how to [write descriptive commit messages](https://cbea.ms/git-commit/).

### Flutter

A few resources to get you started if this is your first Flutter project:

- [Lab: Write your first Flutter app](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/codelab)
- [Cookbook: Useful Flutter samples](https://flutter.dev/docs/cookbook)

For help getting started with Flutter, view the
[online documentation](https://flutter.dev/docs), which offers tutorials,
samples, guidance on mobile development, and a full API reference.

Commit message:

Adding running instructions to README

README.md, after:

# Scouting App

A scouting app for FRC Team 178 used to organize and gather information at competitions.

## Contributing

### Contributing code

Try to use pull requests as much as possible, so we can keep the commit clutter to a minimum. For this, make a fork of the repository using the `Fork` button, and commit your changes to that. You can follow [this guide](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork) for how to create a pull request from that fork.

When commiting, use `dart format` or `flutter format` to format your code, to keep it neat.

Always make sure that your code runs and works the way it should *before* you commit. Run any tests we may have. We don't want broken code.

Make sure your commit messages are descriptive enough to know what you did by just looking at it. You can read here on how to [write descriptive commit messages](https://cbea.ms/git-commit/).

### Running

The app can be run using `flutter run`, as long as flutter and an emulator is available. You can install [Android Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio/) in order to get an emulator, so you can test the application without needing an actual android tablet.

The server application can be run using regular dart, by doing
```zsh
dart run lib/server.dart
```

### Flutter

A few resources to get you started if this is your first Flutter project:

- [Lab: Write your first Flutter app](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/codelab)
- [Cookbook: Useful Flutter samples](https://flutter.dev/docs/cookbook)

For help getting started with Flutter, view the
[online documentation](https://flutter.dev/docs), which offers tutorials,
samples, guidance on mobile development, and a full API reference.
